When a man
becomes a father
And a woman
has a child of her own,
They share a trust,
they must remember,
That is not theirs,
not theirs alone.
The gift they share
is from Jehovah;
Of life and love
he is the one true Source.
To parents
he gives sure direction
That they may follow
the wisest course.
A sacred trust
you have been given;
A precious life
is in your hands.
You can bestow
the greatest favor;
Instruct your child
in God’s commands.
All the words
God has commanded—
They must always prove
to be on your heart.
These words you’ll speak
to sons and daughters;
This is your trust,
this is your part.
To them you’ll speak
along your roadway,
When you rise up
and when you are at rest.
In years to come,
may they remember,
May they be faithful,
may they be blessed.
A sacred trust
you have been given;
A precious life
is in your hands.
You can bestow
the greatest favor;
Instruct your child
in God’s commands.